Single source for containers/functions (#88)
scaleway/serverless-scaleway-functions: README.md

If you create a domain with other tools (Scaleway's Console, CLI or API) you must refer created domain into your serverless
configuration file. Otherwise it will be deleted as Serverless Framework will give the priority to its configuration.

### Ways to deploy functions

There are multiple ways to create Scaleway Serverless functions/containers : CLI, API, Console, Serverless Framework, Terraform...

> Using `serverless deploy` command will apply your configuration located in your `serverless.yml` and removing functions that are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `serverless deploy` command will apply the configuration located in your `serverless.yml` and remove functions that are not
```

in the file to ensure a single source of truth.

> This can be controlled by the `singleSource` option. By default it's value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be controlled using the `singleSource` option. By default its value is `false`.
```

> If `singleSource` is set to true, functions and containers not definied in your serverless config file will be removed on next `serverless deploy` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `singleSource` is set to `true`, functions and containers not defined in your serverless config file will be removed on the next `serverless deploy` command.
```
